Combine package with app (#46)
Sage-Bionetworks/dccvalidator: inst/app/README.md

# Data submission validation

This repo contains a Shiny app to validate manifests and metadata for AMP-AD
studies. It uses the
[dccvalidator](https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/dccvalidator) package to
check for common data quality issues and gives realtime feedback to the data
contributor on errors that need to be fixed. The reporting UI is heavily inspired by the 
[MetaDIG project's metadata quality reports](https://knb.ecoinformatics.org/quality/s=knb.suite.1/doi%3A10.5063%2FF12V2D1V).

![screenshot of a dashboard reporting some passed and some failed validation checks in green and red boxes](figs/app_screenshot_check_results.png)

![screenshot of a dashboard reporting number of individuals, specimens, and files, and a plot of the data types and missing data in a data file](figs/app_screenshot_summary.png)

## Deployment

> The app is deployed on our shiny pro server through the following steps:

Reviewer: #nit 

```suggestion
The app is deployed on the Sage Bionetworks' Shiny Pro server through the following steps:
```

> 1. ssh into the shiny pro server and navigate to `/home/kwoo/ShinyApps/dccvalidator-app`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. ssh into the Shiny Pro server and navigate to `/home/kwoo/ShinyApps/dccvalidator-app`
```
